brown eyering
black neck
striped primaries
orange feet
striped cheek
yellow primaries
long tarsus
small head
red and white wingbar
black cheek
orange cheek-patch
grey crown
short tarsus
curved beak
red and white breast
brown wingbar
yellow and brown belly
purple eye
long feet
webbed feet
white line
blue side
grey and white feathers
green tail
brown neck
blue wing
brown nape
black and white back
long beak
black feathers
yellow and black crown
yellow tarsus
green and yellow wing
orange leg
black and white wing
brown and black wing
black crown
white belly
white and black breast
white and black beak
black eyering
blue throat
brown and yellow breast
red feet
black leg
yellow secondaries
grey and white wing
grey side
grey tail
yellow throat
green beak
brown breast
grey and yellow wing
blue face
yellow wing
brown cheek-patch
spotted head
brown belly
speckled head
orange neck
pink wing
red eyering
brown feathers
white and black feathers
straight beak
white tip
speckled breast
blue cheek
spotted feathers
pink feet
striped breast
blue beak
red leg
curved tip
red coverts
grey tarsus
speckled tail
small eyering
orange tarsus
grey face
white feet
blue feathers
black coverts
white cheek
orange eyering
brown and white belly
small beak
cream throat
striped eye
spotted beak
grey belly
black face
orange crown
green throat
white coverts
black tarsus
brown rectrices
white eyering
hooked beak
black tail
black rump
thin neck
yellow neck
grey primaries
blue crown
yellow nape
white cheek-patch
skinny beak
brown eye
brown pattern
red wing
green nape
grey wing
white eyebrow
large wingspan
brown head
blue belly
black primaries
blue head
yellow belly
black secondaries
curved neck
black lines
spiky crown
tan breast
small breast
orange and black beak
blue nape
white and red head
spotted crown
speckled nape
white wingbar
round head
yellow breast
black nape
blue primaries
white nape
brown side
spotted breast
pink neck
blue secondaries
yellow tip
yellow crown
green neck
orange patches
red side
speckled belly
black wingbar
large beak
red throat
striped neck
brown and red wing
green belly
white and orange beak
spotted belly
orange wing
black eyebrow
green feathers
pink beak
orange back
blue and black head
black back
small eye
pink belly
orange beak
small throat
striped belly
blue cheek-patch
red hair
red patches
thin tarsus
pink head
pink leg
white and gray breast
grey nape
black rectrices
green head
cream breast
red beak
green secondaries
green primaries
brown tail
white side
grey eyering
orange face
grey wingbar
striped nape
white tail
pink crown
brown throat
grey feathers
black throat
long head
needlelike beak
striped tail
thin beak
red feathers
slim beak
white breast
grey back
yellow side
black head
long tail
speckled throat
red neck
red eyebrow
blue and white beak
black and yellow wing
red and white wing
long neck
large head
brown and white breast
brown and white head
brown face
blue coverts
black side
yellow eye
brown tarsus
grey beak
yellow and black belly
red tip
large wing
orange eye
white secondaries
pink tarsus
black and white primaries
green breast
brown coverts
brown and white feathers
speckled back
pointed head
grey secondaries
orange head
pink breast
spotted throat
striped eyebrow
red back
orange eyebrow
striped feathers
brown rump
blue tail
long wing
speckled rectrices
thick beak
long leg
yellow rump
orange coverts
orange breast
brown crown
yellow head
brown patches
cream belly
red nape
orange belly
red and yellow coverts
brown eyebrow
white beak
white feathers
black patches
spotted wing
white patches
grey coverts
white face
yellow feathers
grey rectrices
large eye
green and blue breast
red and black beak
grey cheek-patch
red cheek-patch
long wingspan
red face
long throat
speckled feathers
pointed crown
white head
striped back
brown and black feathers
blunt beak
speckled crown
orange tip
red breast
grey feet
green wing
yellow patches
black tip
orange nape
yellow eyering
red tail
yellow and orange beak
yellow cheek-patch
black and white crown
grey breast
blue breast
red belly
spotted tail
grey throat
small wing
blue feet
red head
white rectrices
spotted side
large throat
black eye
short beak
striped beak
yellow beak
black and yellow beak
yellow wingbar
black feet
black and white tail
long feathers
black wing
conical beak
large feet
yellow cheek
orange tail
red eye
grey head
brown secondaries
pink nape
brown feet
white back
white throat
spotted eye
red crown
small feet
long rectrices
yellow and black breast
yellow tail
grey neck
green rectrices
red and white beak
grey eye
rounded belly
purple head
triangular beak
green side
orange side
large neck
black and white head
flat beak
striped crown
striped throat
brown primaries
yellow feet
striped side
stubby beak
brown beak
spotted back
grey and white breast
green and brown wing
striped head
curved throat
large wingbar
red tarsus
white rump
yellow face
speckled pattern
blue eye
speckled wing
large crown
black beak
yellow eyebrow
green crown
yellow and black head
striped secondaries
brown and white wing
blue back
orange and black wing
black and white wingbar
orange throat
black cheek-patch
short breast
striped face
rounded beak
black and white belly
black breast
white crown
green back
yellow coverts
white wing
brown wing
red and yellow wing
short tail
blue wingbar
white eye
orange wingbar
green coverts
yellow back
black belly
red and yellow wingbar
large breast
brown back
blue neck
white neck
blue rectrices
striped wing
